docs: Update Postgres connector docs to reflect CDC replica support in v3.6.21+ (#61644)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/postgres.md

We recommend following the steps in the [quick start](#quick-start) section to confirm that Airbyte can connect to your Postgres database prior to configuring CDC settings.

> For CDC, you may connect to primary/master databases. To use a replica as source, which is available starting from Postgres 16.1, and provided additional configurations have been enabled on the database instance (please visit [Postgres official documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/warm-standby.html#CASCADING-REPLICATION)), the most recent required connector's version is 3.6.21.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For CDC, you may connect to primary/master databases or replicas. To use a replica as a source, Postgres must be at version 16.1 or later and this connector must be at version 3.6.21 or later. You must also enable additional configurations on the database instance (for help, see the [Postgres official documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/warm-standby.html#CASCADING-REPLICATION)).
```
